you always cut it at like the perfect
time the polite knock is your door just
through three little bits hello
ma'am may I talk to you about Jehovah's
Witness today let Jesus in your life
what head-butter
world the tanks yeah you're gonna make
this episode about butter
what no why why would I make an episode
about butter what kind of [__] you
think I a mist of all you shouldn't even
be eating that because we can already
metabolize regular butter so this is
worse are you not butter chaotic evil
you need to stop those what's not butter
you think it's butter that's [__]
good it'd be butter
what butter ain't get or gaming for
sponsoring this video you can play for
free down below and if you're a new
player signing up will grant you with T
127 premium tagged 500 gold 7 premium
days and I don't know why some of you
are saying the 127 is bad when it's
baller as hell the t 127 is bad you're
bad it's just so it's so bad bad my ass
the only thing that I don't like about
the T 127 is that I can't drive two of
them at once you have a moment to speak
about armor-piercing composite rigid
bounce more you German piece of she only
thing that can take down a 27 another T
127 Iverson fades back and there's
number six always all alone oh he's all
by himself penetration penetration yes
god it's just so [__] bad dude
there's a casual seven kills not even
citing the ones that are personal
performance just look have total damage
blocked by armor exceed the hit points
of your vehicle I was straight bouncing
show hand of God surviving win the
battle having received damage from at
least four different enemy vehicles
bruiser damage enemy vehicles modules or
in
crew members at least five times in a
battle cool-headed survived at least ten
ricochets and non-penetrations in a row
from enemy team player okay let's just
keep it real at this point y'all they
hate the t 127 y'all are psychotic the T
127 a bad you're mad
so stop talking [__] the T 127 is a
Russian national treasure and a solid
vehicle to get you started in World of
Tanks so if you want a bully it's a go
find the Polish dks 20 keep that stand
Oh on me literally the epitome of [__]
around and find out I need a flash hider
on this month so we have the pride of
Poland the t KS 20 because that's the
number of seconds that you will remain
alive in confidence compared compared to
the l mighty [__] round and find out
guerrilla 15 look even the Yaak Panzer
is not that bad the pride of Poland own
Tongva having same house and with butter
bruiser and bullying out of the way we
also fought about the superior breakfast
bread of buttered toast vs. cream cheese
bagels that didn't really lead anywhere
we have a transcript of you saying cook
yeah [__] those big leaders in the back
would you like to comment
[Laughter]
someone said the toast was worse because
it leaves your fingers all oily after
you eat it which was a big mistake y'all
talking about oil drowning in this
aimlessness we were finally given a
direction by a sticker on the side of a
tank I know we're such morons that's all
it takes to put us on a path goes in
world war two live how my dose thank so
much different objectives behind enemy
lines that was still alive badger is
World War two what he pulled some
soldiers inside you're like dude trust
me in February 2010 there's this dog
named caboose ooh right anyways you're
gonna lose this war there's gonna be
this dog funniest [__] oh my god the
eyes of death I can't believe that
that's how we took Paris
that's just like exactly how we took
Paris Wow some are said hey if the pack
40 is that deadly why not use it myself
even if it is French Frenchmen tanks
don't kill people I kill people seven
hit him hard get him again oh you're
gahbage
no no Brad why can't you just get in
that helicopter
yeah and just go where Oh upwards like
down the sequel to the movie here comes
the pain here comes the pain
the second shot oh oh wait this pants
are water I've bent the nail watch this
shot skulker oh my god he's so fast
don't watch a zooming
so I watched the sonic movie recently
did you know they actually have they put
sanic in the Sonic movie sanic you know
the shitty drawing of Sonic yeah really
shitty in the movie why no way yes it's
so good
new Sonic movie do they ever do they
make any jokes about fasting yes hey
Sonic we don't need a fast anymore it's
never time to not fast
we're like it's a bunch of CIA CIA guys
in a room and they're talking about like
remember Pakistan Oscar buzanis tan and
then it was like that's not a real
country and he's like thanks to dr.
Robotnik it is y'all mind if I destroy
this Lee and to shot with three shots
yeah baby I don't even need to skulker
oh my word score at least five armor
penetrating hits in a row against enemy
vehicles smiles in armor-piercing
composite rigid and in that one round I
got to see all of its ranks but every
round after that I was reminded of its
weaknesses like lack of turning speed
that results in Zoomers running literal
circles around you and blasting you like
a firing squad the only places that
still have the firing squad Mississippi
- Noah's surprise why Utah that would
call me okay top right corner hit him
once
I gotta hit him again oh my god
words cannot describe how much I despise
the Panzer 1c while playing in any tank
destroyed welcome back to another great
edition of the Panzer 1 is fastest [__]
boy oh my god pac-man more latest Panzer
1c has no [__] reason to exist and I
was reminded of its other major weakness
beyond Armour thinner the
New York Pizza rusty Nick cuts you hand
flesh house it's armored garbage which
is its overall lack of speed and torque
which essentially makes Hills
it was Krypton I am a more white person
word than loogie malarkey father's weird
have my kids call me grandpa
Oh God actually my emotes for making me
Koreans
[Music]
tends to happen when you bind all of
your numpad keys to means it's either
downside just like last round I got ran
around in circles this round I can't
make it up this huge [__] hill okay
not very funny not easy me I think I'm
gonna I'm gonna lay his ass out dog I
could like yes Lord that will 100% lose
us the game because they're just
swarming the flat yeah I don't think
I'll be able to make it back in time I
hope going down hills a lot yeah I'm
gonna but if you've got long sightlines
with a pack 40 is a wrap all you need is
a couple competent teammates and you're
golden random battles will pair me with
at least a few competent teammates right
oh my god what is that orangey my god
this dude's toast he's toast Panzer 1c
about to run my [__] literally my
kriptonite Panzer 1c I thought you had
oh hi oh meme challenger specifically I
have a few this is the only one that
comes to mind since about Ohio
thanks Canada thanks for clarifying the
situation hit once come here come here
boy oh I got another one I'm deadly
there's so many coming my way and
they're looking the wrong direction I
might just be able to slaughter please
don't kill me don't you
gosh well he [__] swerved everything
yes I am 100% glass canon to use a
league word one two three four five and
I got devastating damage to another two
I can't carry this - yes please do not
seek shelter your end is here Ohio the
lesson that I learned is to never hit my
W key and hope that I always have enough
teammates alive for 360 degree flank
coverage otherwise you're gonna get a
clickety clack like a set of tongs a
perfect fly like me advancing one edge
in a pack for you like I got one inch
forward I'm like what the [__] have I
done why did I press my enemy every
enemy in the world is those tongs
[Laughter]
covers everything butter and not butter
included don't forget that you can play
World of Tanks for free via link below
with a signup bonus and you should be
staying inside anyway so I recommend you
check it out for obvious reasons yo they
got a bra tight beat once again so very
much for watching don't go outside if
you don't absolutely need to and be sure
to tune in next time when I find and
kill the echo in this room I don't know
how long it's gonna take me to find him
but when I do find that muff
[Music]
[Applause]